Update formatting (#787)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/timespanpicker/styling/dropdown-styling.md

---
title: Drop-Down Styling
page_title: .NET MAUI TimeSpanPicker Documentation - DropDown Styling
description: Learn how to style the elements in the drop-down part of the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TimeSpanPicker control.
position: 2
slug: timespanpicker-dropdown-styling
---

# .NET MAUI TimePicker DropDown Styling

By using the `DropDownSettings` property (of type `Telerik.Maui.Controls.PickerDropDownSettings`) of the TimeSpanPicker, you can modify the appearance of the drop-down. The `PickerDropDownSettings` class exposes the following `Style` properties:

* `DropDownViewStyle`(of type `Style` with target type `telerik:PickerDropDownContentView`)&mdash;Defines the dropdown view style.
* `FooterStyle`(of type `Style` with target type `telerik:PickerPopupFooterView`)&mdash;Defines the dropdown footer style.
* `AcceptButtonStyle`(of type `Style` with target type `Button`)&mdash;Defines the **Accept** button style.
* `CancelButtonStyle`(of type `Style` with target type `Button`)&mdash;Defines the **Cancel** button style.

> The `DropDownSettings` also provides the following properties for dropdown customization:

Reviewer: drop-down customization

> * `Placement`(of type `PlacementMode`)&mdash;Specifies the position of the dropdown, can be set to Bottom, Right, Left, Top, Center or Relative.

Reviewer: Use the drop-down spelling throughout the list.

* `HorizontalOffset` \ `VerticalOffset`&mdash;Specifies the horizontal\vertical distance between the dropdown and the TimePicker.
* `IsFooterVisible`(`bool`)&mdash;Specifies whether the DropDown footer is currently visible. By default, the value is `True`.
* `AcceptButtonText`(`string`)&mdash;Defines the text visualized for the **Accept** button. By default, the text is `OK`.
* `CancelButtonText`(`string`)&mdash;Defines the text visualized for the **Cancel** button. By default, the text is `Cancel`.

> > `DropDownSettings` provides styling options for the drop-down, its footer and position, and other. If you need to customize the look&feel of the spinner controls that show the available date values, please refer to `SpinnerStyle`, `SpinnerHeaderStyle` and `SelectionHighlightStyle` properties of the TimeSpanPicker. For more detailed information on them go to [TimeSpanPicker Styling]({%slug timespanpicker-styling%}) topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `DropDownSettings` provides styling options for the drop-down, its footer and position, and others. If you need to customize the look and feel of the spinner controls that show the available date values, refer to `SpinnerStyle`, `SpinnerHeaderStyle`, and `SelectionHighlightStyle` properties of the TimeSpanPicker. For more detailed information on them, go to the [TimeSpanPicker Styling]({%slug timespanpicker-styling%}) page.
```
